adding doc for getting a linkedin token (#193)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: LinkedIn_README.md

> # Notes on creating a LinkedIn token
> 
> ## Create an app
> 
> Go to https://www.linkedin.com/developers/apps/new and fill out the form. I think you have to provide a logo image and if you have to provide a privacy policy and don't have one available, you can use the Galaxy one: https://usegalaxy.org/static/terms.html
> 
> ## Here it gets a little fuzzy
> 
> (Adding notes here about the process would be good, since I'm retroactively looking at mine.)
> 
> You connect the app you created to your company account, then you have to request the `Community Management API`. My recollection is that this is manually reviewed, so it will likely take some time to be approved. You probably have to provide a reason why you want it, which can be as easy as "To allow my group to automate posting low frequency content."
> 
> ## Generate a token
> 
> Once you get API approval, you generate a token by going to this page: 
>  https://www.linkedin.com/developers/tools/oauth/token-generator
> and then this token has to be added to the repo secrets.
> 

Reviewer: Thank you @scottcain.
This is a more detailed version if you like to add them:

```suggestion
# LinkedIn API Token Setup
You need to [set up a company](https://www.linkedin.com/company/setup/new/) before get started.

## 1. Create a LinkedIn Developer App  

- Go to [Create a LinkedIn App](https://www.linkedin.com/developers/apps/new) and fill in the required fields.  
- Upload a logo. If a privacy policy is needed, use [this one](https://usegalaxy.org/static/terms.html).  
- In **Settings**, click **Verify** next to your company name and complete the verification.  

## 2. Request API Access  

- In **Products**, find **Community Management API** and click **Request Access**.  
- Provide a reason (e.g., "Automate low-frequency posting on our company page").  
- Wait for manual approval.  

## 3. Generate & Secure the Token  

- After approval, visit the [Token Generator](https://www.linkedin.com/developers/tools/oauth/token-generator).  
- Select your app, choose the required scopes (w_organization_social, w_organization_social_feed), and generate the token.  
- Store the Access token securely in repo secrets.

**Note**: Tokens expire every 2 months

## 4. Get Your LinkedIn Company ID  

- Go to your **LinkedIn Company Page**.  
- Look at the URL: `https://www.linkedin.com/company/{YOUR_COMPANY_ID}`.  
- Copy the number after `/company/`—this is your **Company ID**.
- Add this into the [plugins file](https://github.com/usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social/blob/main/plugins.yml) as the `org_id`.

```
